1. Computer makes a play.
    1. Choose randomly between rock, paper and scissors.
2. Player makes a play.
    1. Prompt player's choice.
        Must be insensitive case
3. Function plays a round.
    1. Takes two parameters: player selection and computer selection.
    2. Return the winner of the round as a string.
        1.  If player selection equals computer selection then
                print Tie
            If player choice equals to rock 
                If computer choice equals to paper then
                    Print computer wins
                else If computer choice equals to Scissors then
                    print player winds.
            if player choice equals to paper
                if  computer choice equals to rock then
                    Print player wins
                else if computer choice equals to scissors then
                    print computer wins
            if player choice equals to scissors
                if computer choice equals to rock then
                    print computer wins
                else if computer choice equals to paper then
                    print player wins
4.  Function game() must repeat a round 5 times
    Call function computerSelection
    Call function playerSelection
    Call function playRound
5. print score of the game
    
Create three buttons, one for each selection. Add an event listener to the buttons that calls your playRound function with the correct playerSelection every time a button is clicked. (you can keep the console.logs for this step)


Add a div for displaying results and change all of your console.logs into DOM methods.


Display the running score, and announce a winner of the game once one player reaches 5 points.

You will likely have to refactor (rework/rewrite) your original code to make it work for this. That’s OK! Reworking old code is an important part of the programmer’s life.
Don’t forget to go back and add your new version to the original Rock Paper Scissors Project!

for: i till max score
    Modify html score player with scorePlayer
    Modify html score Coputer with scoreComputer


